[ci]: Add telemetry to default features. (#1993)
hyperledger/iroha: wasm/README.md

# Iroha WASM

> The library crate that is used for writing Iroha-compliant smartcontracts in Rust using the Web-assembly format. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library crate that is used for writing Iroha-compliant smartcontracts in Rust using the WebAssembly format. 
```
